README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

I am **Kurniawan Andi Santoso**. I'm student at **26 Vacational Highschool in Jakarta majoring in System Information Networking and Application**.  
I am an Begginer **Data Analyst**

[![Linkedin: Andi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kurniawan-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurniawan-andi-20b5b0195/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurniawan-andi-20b5b0195/)
[![GitHub Andi](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Andi2809?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/Andi2809)



- 🔭 I’m currently Studying on [26 Vacational High School](https://www.google.com/maps/place/SMK+Negeri+26+Jakarta/@-6.1945788,106.8873142,15z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0xa4012b68ec698d4e!8m2!3d-6.1945788!4d106.8873142)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python - Django**
- 🤔 I'm looking for help to guide me to become a Python Back End Web Developer
- 💬 Ask me about **Random Things**
- 📫 How to reach me: [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/andi_2809/)
- 📖 My hobbies are reading manga, books, and playing games

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=andi2809&layout=compact&theme=dark&hide_border=true)

![Andi github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=andi2809&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=dark)

Commit message:

mengubah keahlian
tadinya dari python django, jadi bootstrap, react, javascript

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

I am **Kurniawan Andi Santoso**. I'm student at **26 Vacational Highschool in Jakarta majoring in System Information Networking and Application**.  
I am an Begginer **Data Analyst**

[![Linkedin: Andi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kurniawan-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurniawan-andi-20b5b0195/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurniawan-andi-20b5b0195/)
[![GitHub Andi](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Andi2809?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/Andi2809)



- 🔭 I’m currently Studying on [26 Vacational High School](https://www.google.com/maps/place/SMK+Negeri+26+Jakarta/@-6.1945788,106.8873142,15z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0xa4012b68ec698d4e!8m2!3d-6.1945788!4d106.8873142)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Bootstrap, React, and javascript**
- 🤔 I'm looking for help to guide me to become a Full Stack Web Dev
- 💬 Ask me about **Random Things**
- 📫 How to reach me: [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/andi_2809/)
- 📖 My hobbies are reading manga, books, and playing games

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=andi2809&layout=compact&theme=dark&hide_border=true)

![Andi github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=andi2809&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=dark)
